>>GEORGE NOORY: Welcome
to "Beyond Belief."
Marc D'Antonio is
our special guest.
He's got a degree in astronomy.
He's also the
chief video analyst
for the largest aerial anomaly
organization on the planet.
Marc is the CEO of FX Models.
Tell me about that
company, Marc.
>>MARC D'ANTONIO: FX Model
started in 1995, George.
It was just a--
I was making models as a kid.
Who doesn't?
>>NOORY: We all did.
>>D'ANTONIO: Right, we all did.
I made aircraft
models, and I'm the guy
that got the glue
on the windshields,
couldn't get it off.
It ruined the models.
But you know what I did was
I learned how to repair that.
I learned how to fix it.
And I got kind of good at it.
And I got the eye, caught the
eye of the Navy over time.
And next thing you know I'm
building models for the Navy.
And then it led to
advanced projects
and all kinds of other--
>>NOORY: What did they
do with these models?
>>D'ANTONIO: --amazing
opportunities.
Some of them were used as
presidential briefing models.
Some of them have been
used in special shows.
Some of them were
other models that have
been used by the Joint Chiefs.
I mean, it goes on and on.
And I'd pinch myself.
Well, I'd pinch myself and
say, how did this happen?
I have a degree in astronomy.
So I actually make
astronomical-related models,
too.
And of course, we
have a whole suite
of 3D printers, as well, in
order to make these really
high-quality models
that we would
like to then set out there.
And it's just incredible.
>>NOORY: You think
science has failed us.
How come?
>>D'ANTONIO: This goes
back to astronomy.
And I can only speak
from astronomy, per se.
It's-- here's how it works.
It works with
things like looking
at a black hole for the
first time in human history.
We looked at a black hole
55 million light years away,
far out in the galaxy,
far out in the galaxy
in the constellation of Virgo.
>>NOORY: Far, far away.
>>D'ANTONIO: Very far away.
And we actually saw a black hole
in the center of this galaxy.
It's called a Super-Massive
Black Hole, SMBH.
Ooh, we love acronyms
in astronomy.
And this supermassive
black hole was phenomenal.
And it worked.
The science worked
because we had
predicted what we would see.
We predicted what we would see.
And when we finally saw it,
it was exactly as expected.
So that's where science works.
But where it fails us is
in the realm of trying
to figure out other things,
like how old is the universe?
Fact of the matter is when
we talk about the Big Bang,
it sort of defies your
intellectual understanding, all
of us, not just you, not
just me, but everybody.
To start from an
infinitely small point
and expand into the
universe, we know
that's almost 92 billion
light years across.
How would we know that?
Well, it comes down to the
fact that we can only look back
a certain amount of time.
The universe is a time machine.
We look back in time
when we look at the sun.
It's eight minutes old.
That's how long it takes.
>>NOORY: That's how long it
takes the light to get here.
>>D'ANTONIO: That's
exactly right,
when it takes that long
for the light to get here.
We can see out just about 13
billion years in our history.
And then beyond that, it's sort
of foggy because it's something
called the Cosmic
Microwave Background--
and we love those acronyms--
CMB.
That Cosmic Microwave Background
is sort of opaque to us.
And we can see things from
it, and it kind of gives us
an indication of what was
before, what was then.
And now the universe
is expanding out.
We're looking back in time.
It's a time machine.
Every star you
look at in the sky
you're seeing at a
different point i time.
>>NOORY: Some of them could
be already dead, right?
>>D'ANTONIO: Yes, Indeed,
like the constellation Orion.
In Orion, we have this
beautiful red star
in the upper-left corner
called Betelgeuse.
It's a beautiful star.
It's 700 light years away.
That means the light left
there that we see today,
700 years ago.
And when it gets
here, it's a train
of light coming from that star.
Train of light, but Betelgeuse
is going to go supernova.
We know that.
So when it goes supernova, which
could have already happened,
we won't know about it until
that train of light showing
it happening gets to us.
>>NOORY: We won't be around.
This generation.
>>D'ANTONIO: Maybe not.
But what if it
happened 690 years ago?
>>NOORY: Well, that's possible.
>>D'ANTONIO: Right?
Now we might be able to see it
in 10 years, if it did happen.
We don't know.
>>NOORY: What have
astronomers seen,
Marc, that they
didn't anticipate?
>>D'ANTONIO: Well,
one of the things
that we have not anticipated
seeing, or even understanding,
is the fact that when we look at
galaxies, galaxies with spiral
arms like our own, we expected
that stars close to the center
would move fast, like Mercury
moves fast around the sun,
and that stars farther
out would move slower,
like Pluto moves
lazily at 245 years
to go around the sun compared
to Mercury, which takes 88 days.
But when we looked
at galaxies, we
thought that we'd see the
same model being reproduced.
We don't.
>>NOORY: Why not?
>>D'ANTONIO: And that was the--
you asked that question,
that question of why
not is perplexing and has been.
But we have some ideas.
I say the collective we.
When we look at a
galaxy, we notice
that it almost spins sort
of like a rigid disk.
So the stars in the
outside are whipping along
at an ungodly speed, and
the ones in the inside
are moving at lower speeds,
exactly opposite of what
Newtonian physics would tell us.
So what does that mean?
It means we have to
come up with some reason
why it's not unfound to
have such an occurrence.
And the reason for that we
have called dark matter.
That's where dark
matter came from.
What is dark matter?
>>NOORY: Which takes up a
pretty big size of the universe,
doesn't it?
>>D'ANTONIO: It does.
It's like 23% of what
we know in the universe.
That's a huge amount,
isn't it, 23%.
>>NOORY: And we can't see it.
>>D'ANTONIO: No, we can't.
And because of the way
the universe is expanding,
the universe is actually
accelerating in its expansion.
What?
When Edwin Hubble came
up in 1929 and produced,
by analysis of galaxies,
came up with this idea
that the universe was
expanding at a constant rate.
After the Big Bang, boom,
things are expanding
at a constant rate outward.
OK, that's great.
So we came up with something
called the Hubble constant.
And now, with the latest
revelations from the Planck
telescope and other research,
we've discovered that
the Hubble constant isn't.
>>NOORY: It's not what
it was supposed to be.
>>D'ANTONIO: It's
not a constant.
It's actually showing
us that the Hubble--
the expansion is
actually accelerating.
Now, that has repercussions
like you cannot believe.
We believe the universe
is 13.8 billion years old.
Yes, we do.
Oh, but wait.
That's based on thinking
that the Hubble constant was
constant.
>>NOORY: Exactly.
So what if it's not?
>>D'ANTONIO: If it's not,
that means that the universe
is actually younger.
>>NOORY: Much younger?
>>D'ANTONIO: Mm, maybe 12 and
1/2 billion, maybe 12 point--
>>NOORY: And does that mean
planet Earth is younger?
>>D'ANTONIO: That means that
intelligent life effectively
develops sooner in the universe.
Think about that.
Can you imagine that?
I talk about this all the
time all over the world.
And I can tell you, when
I drop on people that they
are in a planet that might
have had the ability to develop
intelligent life sooner because
the universe might be younger,
they're like, what?
>>NOORY: Scientists have just
calculated that in our galaxy,
there could be 36 intelligent
civilizations much like ours.
Well, how do they get
those kind of calculations?
>>D'ANTONIO: I can give you
an idea how that happens.
When they calculate
these things,
they're basing it on
the only way we know
how to examine the universe.
And that's through statistics.
We can't count all the stars.
We don't actually know how
many stars are in our own--
>>NOORY: It's impossible.
>>D'ANTONIO: Right, because
we-- do you know why?
Because we're looking
through the trees
and trying to calculate how
many trees are in the forest.
>>NOORY: Mm-hmm.
>>D'ANTONIO: You have
to be outside that.
>>NOORY: At night.
>>D'ANTONIO: Right.
We have--
>>NOORY: At night.
>>D'ANTONIO: Right.
We have to look outside
the forest to find out
how many trees.
We can see other galaxies.
And we can figure out
their star counts.
But we can't do it
in our own galaxy.
So what do we do?
We statistically
interpolate data we do know.
And based on the data--
>>NOORY: We project.
>>D'ANTONIO: Yes, we
project, exactly right.
And we project this
and we figured hey,
maybe we're looking
at, and they came up
with the idea of 30, 36--
>>NOORY: 36
>>D'ANTONIO: --possible.
But do you know what I've heard?
It depends on the number
of-- well, I know this.
It depends on the
number of stars
in our galaxy, which can be
anywhere from 100 billion
to 400 billion.
>>NOORY: Which could
increase it or diminish it.
>>D'ANTONIO: Or diminish it.
And I've heard as high as
10% of the stars having
potential Earth-like planets.
That could lead us
up to 40 billion
possible Earth-like planets.
>>NOORY: Oh, that
would be exciting.
>>D'ANTONIO: And you've heard
of that the Drake equation.
>>NOORY: Right?
Who helped formed SETI,
Search for Extraterrestrial
Intelligence.
>>D'ANTONIO: Right.
And when you think about
the Drake equation,
it calculates the probability
of life in the universe, right?
And you basically multiply
a bunch of factors
together and come up with a
little number that kind of
gives you an idea of how many
intelligent species there
are possibly in the universe.
It is a projection.
Well, that projection, in the
past, when Frank Drake did it,
was based on having no knowledge
of planets around other stars.
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>D'ANTONIO: Right?
>>D'ANTONIO: And now we
know there are probably
untold millions of planets.
In fact, when you look
at the stars at night,
and if you go to the most
dark location on the Earth
and you see all these
tens of thousands of stars
that you can see in your
view, there's more planets
than there are stars.
>>NOORY: And how
many are Earth like?
>>D'ANTONIO: And the
number that are Earth like
depends on how many planets
are in the habitable zone
around the star, which
is that little green area
around every star, potentially
every star, where it's not
too hot, not too cold.
It's the Goldilocks zone,
hence the story, right?
>>NOORY: Which
they assume is what
life needs in order to survive.
>>D'ANTONIO: Exactly.
Why, though?
Because we're a carbon-based
life that utilizes oxygen
to catalyze into energy, to
create energy from, right?
Carbon-based life, in my view--
and I kind of said
this in my book--
is a template, I think, more or
less, delivered by the universe
by comets, meteors, asteroids,
and by the Earth itself,
creating these basic fundamental
building blocks of life.
And so we have a
planet that makes
the building blocks of life.
We have an astronomical
object colliding with us
that have given us
building blocks of life.
We see the building
blocks of life
on moons of other planets
in our solar system.
We see these building blocks,
at least at a rudimentary level,
in Mars, which is supposedly
devoid of anything.
But there might be.
We know actually there's
a 12-kilometer long lake
under the south pole of
Mars that could actually
house microbial life.
Why would we even think that?
Because in Antarctica,
there's Lake Vostok
that's over a mile or two
beneath the Antarctic surface
Permanently locked
in the ice which
has over 3,500 different
species of microbial life.
>>NOORY: Well, you brought up
dark matter and dark energy.
Let's look at NASA's
WFIRST mission
and see how they
tried to equate this.
[VIDEO PLAYBACK]
- The universe, for all
we have learned about it,
we have only just begun
to reveal its secrets.
What are dark matter
and dark energy?
How common are planetary
arrangements like our own?
And how many planets
in our galaxy
have the potential
to harbor life?
WFIRST, the Wide Field
Infrared Survey Telescope,
will help answer these
fundamental questions.
WFIRST is similar to Hubble,
but with the benefit of 30 years
of technological improvement.
Each image from its
wide-field instrument
will have the depth and clarity
of Hubble's best, but capture
a sky area 100 times larger.
WFIRST will take the
lead in exploring
dark energy and dark matter.
We only know they exist by their
effects on observable matter,
yet these two
mysterious components
make up 95% of the universe.
WFIRST's powerful
2.4-meter mirror,
an enormous field of view,
will also help us in the search
for planets beyond our
solar system, or exoplanets.
[END PLAYBACK]
>>NOORY: I think
technology, Marc, is just
amazing to allow us
to do these things.
>>D'ANTONIO: Isn't it, George?
It's just an amazing thing.
And right now we have
an orbit that's actually
surveying a wider swath
than the Kepler even could,
which was our first
exoplanet satellite that was
up there to study these things.
>>NOORY: Can you
imagine if Galileo
had that kind of equipment?
>>D'ANTONIO: Oh, my gosh.
>>NOORY: Oh, jeez!
>>D'ANTONIO: They would have
thrown him in jail way earlier.
>>NOORY: Yeah, exactly.
>>D'ANTONIO: Well, we have the
Transiting Exoplanet Survey
Satellite, TESS.
TESS is up there, and it has
like a 25-by-95-degree field.
And it looks at thousands
of stars at once.
This is going to look at
even more stars at once.
So we are literally on the
cusp of being able to discover
other planets like our own.
And don't forget--
>>NOORY: This is exciting.
>>D'ANTONIO: I know.
And don't forget the James
Webb Space Telescope.
This JWST, as it's
called, this is
going to have the ability to
look at exoplanet atmospheres.
Why is that important?
Well, as I said before,
we're carbon-based species.
We catalyze.
We use oxygen to
make energy, right?
Our planet has been
producing oxygen
in the atmosphere for over
2 and 1/2 billion years.
So we stand out like a sore
thumb to a galactic community
looking for other
lifeforms like their own,
if they're carbon based.
>>NOORY: Speaking
of lifeforms, you're
an astronomer who believes
we've been visited by ETs.
>>D'ANTONIO: Yeah.
That's a bad thing to be.
>>NOORY: You know what?
Seth Shostak, who's
an astronomer for SETI
believes they're
out there, or he
wouldn't be doing what he's
doing, looking for them,
listening for them.
But he doesn't believe
they came here.
What made you think
we've been visited?
>>D'ANTONIO: For a long
time, I've read the reports.
And I'm a healthy skeptic.
>>NOORY: And nothing
wrong with that.
>>D'ANTONIO: Nope, nothing
wrong with that at all.
In fact, to be a good
analyst of these things,
you have to be a
healthy skeptic.
You've got to be skeptical.
You can't say, oh, that's a UFO.
Wee!
I win!
No, you don't win.
The fact of the matter is
when you look in the sky,
you get a report
of something, you
have to figure out
what's real, what's not.
You've got to put it through
regimented data analysis.
And what comes
out of the bottom,
if something comes out the
bottom, is a true unknown.
And you can say, this is
a true unknown right here.
I don't know.
All this stuff, it could have
been a bird, or this or that,
a satellite, whatever.
If it all drops out and fails
that test, then what's left,
however improbable,
is the truth, right?
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>D'ANTONIO: And that's
something that we all look for.
So--
>>NOORY: Did you have
an encounter ever?
>>D'ANTONIO: I've actually--
I have.
And part of the problem is--
>>NOORY: You seem
like you're hesitant.
>>D'ANTONIO: A little bit,
and I'll tell you why,
because as a science guy,
you don't really accept these
things until--
>>NOORY: Well, what happened?
>>D'ANTONIO: Well, until
they happen to you.
I had something slammed up my
nose, and I was awake for this.
I saw a being or whatever you
want to call it in my room.
I thought I was
losing my marbles.
I tried to explain it in
terms of a medical anomaly.
Something locked in.
It had a gray forearm
and a gray hand.
And this translucent
wand went under my face.
And next thing you
know, I wake up,
and I was in a pool
of my own blood.
It was absolutely terrifying.
>>NOORY: Did you
go to the hospital?
>>D'ANTONIO: And that's
a great question.
I wake up.
I'm in my own blood,
drowning in blood.
I had to cough and get it out.
>>NOORY: Oh, my god!
>>D'ANTONIO: And what do I do?
I did what anyone who has that
terrifying experience does.
I got dressed, and I went to
work, forgot all about it.
>>NOORY: Holy Toledo!
>>D'ANTONIO: Right?
>>NOORY: Why didn't
you go to the hospital?
If I woke up in a pool of blood,
that's the first place I'd go.
>>D'ANTONIO: Hello!
I agree with you 1,000%.
So tell me why it
took two years for me
to go to an ear, nose, and
throat surgeon to look up here,
to a nostril that no longer
could breathe from that moment
forward.
>>NOORY: Blocked.
>>D'ANTONIO: Blocked.
And he goes, there's
something huge up there.
And he says, we're
going to remove it.
And he did.
He numbed it.
He did a whole
procedure, removed it.
And it was literally something
the size of my two thumbs
stacked.
>>NOORY: What did look--
was it organic?
>>D'ANTONIO: It wan an
organic-looking thing.
It came out looked
like that big.
That's huge!
It came out that little hole.
It was as like
watching "Total Recall"
with Arnold Schwarzenegger.
[VOCALIZING] He
pulls this thing out.
That's what it felt
like, you know?
And I had to literally--
he had to hold
my head so he could pull it.
It was crazy.
But he got it out.
And he says, oh, I'm
going to send this down
to the pathology.
And I asked him, in retrospect--
>>NOORY: Did it
look like a growth?
>>D'ANTONIO: It
looked like a growth.
And he thought it was
one of these things
called a nasal
polyp, or whatever.
But then I-- and I
regret it to this day--
I asked him, can those things
seed around a small object,
a foreign object?
And he goes, you mean
like a metal splinter
that a machinist
might get up there?
And I said, yeah.
And he goes, it's
possible, yeah.
And he goes, why?
And I explained a little bit
about the terrifying nature
of what I had experienced.
And he laughed.
And he goes, I'm
sure it's not aliens.
I go, no, no, I'm
sure, in my mind going,
oh, I shouldn't have said that.
>>NOORY: Practical
doctor that he was.
>>D'ANTONIO: I
shouldn't have said it.
And I said, I shouldn't
have said it, right?
He said, call me in a week.
I'll tell you what happened.
We're going to send
it to pathology.
I said, well, can you take it?
No, no, no, no, I can't let you.
We got to do a biopsy,
make sure it's OK.
So I call him a week later.
Hi, is Marc D'Antonio.
Oh, wait, doctor
asked to talk to you.
Uh-oh.
When has that ever happened?
Only if it's bad news, right?
I'm thinking, oh--
>>NOORY: You hate those calls.
>>D'ANTONIO: --I've got, like,
head cancer or something,
whatever.
My head's going to fall off.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>D'ANTONIO: So he
gets on the phone.
Oh, Mr. D'Antonio,
just want to let
you know it's probably
just a regular old polyp.
Nothing to worry about.
And I went, wait, probably?
You don't have the results?
And there was a
palpable silence.
And he said to me, this,
to be honest, he goes,
this has never happened at all.
And I can't make this up.
In all my years, he goes,
I sent it to pathology,
and they seem to have lost it.
>>NOORY: They lost it?
>>D'ANTONIO: That's
what they said.
>>NOORY: Someone took it.
>>D'ANTONIO: And I didn't--
I gave them the
benefit of the doubt.
I went out there feeling
like, oh, man, this is--
I get off the call
thinking, that's not right.
So a few years later,
I went to him again.
And this time I
filled out a sheet.
It said, what do you do?
I wrote, oh, I do special
projects for the Navy.
And he came in and said,
oh, special projects.
And I told a little more
detail about what I do.
He looks at me and says
the following words,
I just gave up my top
secret clearance this year.
I got out of the programming.
>>NOORY: Oh.
>>D'ANTONIO: I said,
are you working
on top secret nasal
polyps or something?
I was there for a
different reason.
He goes, oh, no, no, no.
He goes-- and then
he says, I was
part of a project to shoot down
an enemy satellite with a nuke.
And I went, what?
And I didn't inquire
further about the program.
He says, yeah--
>>NOORY: Ear, nose,
and throat specialist?
>>D'ANTONIO: And I said that.
He goes, I wasn't
always a surgeon.
And I go, so you've maintained
this for all these years?
He goes, yeah, I gave it up.
It's too much hassle.
And he goes, I got,
he said, "read out
of the program," as he said.
So anyway, he basically sat
there and told me this, just
him and I in this exam room.
And I was kind of blown away.
But I knew exactly
what happened,
having worked on such--
>>NOORY: It was taken.
>>D'ANTONIO: Yeah.
He had to make the call.
>>NOORY: He had to--
>>D'ANTONIO: He had
plausible deniability
because he called
whoever he has to report
to, because he has
to by law, report
anything that could potentially
be a national security threat.
And he probably-- here's
how the call probably went.
Yeah, I had a patient who had
this thing, and I removed it.
He said he had a
terrifying experience where
it looked like it might
have been implanted.
That's all I know.
And then they probably
said, OK, what hospital?
And they told him the hospital.
What patient name?
They probably gave them my name.
And he said, OK, thank you.
And that was the end of call.
He has plausible deniability
about where it went.
>>NOORY: What if the
call went like this?
>>D'ANTONIO: Oh,
I want to hear it.
>>NOORY: I have another patient.
This is the 20th one that
I've taken an implant out
of their nostrils.
I've got another one for you.
>>D'ANTONIO: That sounds like--
>>NOORY: What if it was
something like that?
>>D'ANTONIO: That sounds
like a Dr. Leir kind of call.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
There is an ET contactee
that I interviewed,
Kate Thorvaldsen who
has had 29 implants.
Over what period of time
you think this 29 devices
were implanted in you?
>>KATE THORVALDSEN:
I don't know.
They can have been putting in
there since I was 10 years old.
Or if they--
>>NOORY: Or three.
>>THORVALDSEN: Possibly.
>>NOORY: Maybe.
>>THORVALDSEN: But since I--
since I feel that I remember
everything, everything that
happened when I was
three years old,
I'm not including that time.
>>NOORY: Have you had these
devices scanned and X-rayed?
>>THORVALDSEN: Yeah,
we took X-rays.
We did.
And it was actually a bit
funny because, of course,
you can't go to
your local doctor
and say, hey, I think that
I have implants in my body.
Can you take X-rays of them?
Of course, they
will, again, call
the men in the white,
not the men in black,
but the men in white.
Take her away, yeah.
So they also through
UFO Norway, they
had this chiropractor that
had his own X-ray machine.
So they were actually sneaking
me in from the back door.
They did not even put
my name in the schedule.
>>NOORY: What do
you think of that?
>>D'ANTONIO: Kate Thorvaldsen
and I toured Norway together
last August.
And I spent a great
deal time with her.
And the one thing I came
away from knowing Kate,
as I know her, is that she
is not being dishonest.
She has never been dishonest.
>>NOORY: She seems legit.
>>D'ANTONIO: She
seems legit to me.
And this is a science
guy talking here,
who basically shouldn't believe
that stuff, yet there it is.
I can't deny-- you
can't deny evidence.
You can deny motivations.
You can deny human-based things.
But you can't deny evidence.
When you deny evidence,
then you become ignorant.
>>NOORY: Since the object was
taken out of your nostril,
can you breathe
better, obviously?
>>D'ANTONIO: Yeah, I can.
But you know what?
Every now and then, George,
I'll be driving down the highway
or driving, doing something,
and I will feel a burning pain
right where it was.
And I feel like I need
to claw through my skull
to get at that location.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>D'ANTONIO: Yeah.
And it's so--
>>NOORY: That aggravated?
>>D'ANTONIO: It's so
bad that I literally
have to close my
eyes, and I have
to stop a car from driving.
I have to stop using tools.
I got to sit down, and I
literally just press on my face
as hard as I can,
and it doesn't help.
And I just have to
wait for it to go.
And when that happens, I hear a
high-pitched whine in my head.
I don't know where it's from.
And to be honest,
I could say, well,
maybe it's just a medical thing.
And I'm open to that.
But considering the
chain of events,
it becomes less likely to me.
>>NOORY: What do you think
it was placed there for?
Was it a tracking device?
And if it was, put it in your
arm or something like that.
>>D'ANTONIO: I know.
But the thing is that people
are very cognizant of scars
on their bodies.
And they're also very much aware
of changes to their bodies.
They're most intimate
with their own things
they can see on their body.
So I think that what
happens is going up
the sinus may be a way for
extraterrestrials to tag us,
in the same way, maybe, not
necessarily true, but maybe
in the same way that we tag elk.
>>NOORY: You have also
had an amazing experience
with an unidentified
submerged object
when you were on
a nuke submarine.
Tell us that story.
>>D'ANTONIO: I was a
guest on a submarine.
I had done work for the Navy.
And they said,
literally-- and this
was the words I got from
the people at the sub base.
They said, hey, you
want to go on a ride?
And I know the Navy doesn't
give "rides," quote, unquote.
>>NOORY: No.
I was in the Navy nine years.
They don't give rides.
>>D'ANTONIO: No.
But I did get to go
on a nuclear sub.
The exact nature of
it is what it is.
And that's down the road.
But the thing is I got seasick
because what people don't know
is subs don't always submerge.
They stay on the surface
for a lot of time.
>>NOORY: They rock.
>>D'ANTONIO: And they
rock like a you know what.
And so I got seasick as a dog.
And so I went to the kid that
passed as a doctor on the boat,
and I got a patch.
Now, at that time, there was no
patch available in the market.
But the Navy was the
test bed for this new--
>>NOORY: To keep you
from getting nauseous.
>>D'ANTONIO: Scopolamine
patches, or whatever, right?
And that went on my neck.
And I was like, huh,
that's interesting.
And it started to work.
But in order to calm
down I sat in what's
called the sonar shack.
It's a little side alley
from the control room.
You have the control room
where the guys guide the boat
and drive the boat.
Then to the side here
are the sonar machines,
and there's like four of them.
There was one guy
at the first one.
I sat at the second seat, after
asking permission if I could.
And they said yes.
>>NOORY: You're in the
sub but on the surface.
>>D'ANTONIO: No, no,
we had gone down.
>>NOORY: You had submerged.
>>D'ANTONIO: Yeah.
And it feels like everybody
who's watching now feels.
There's no-- you
can't feel the motion.
>>NOORY: No, you don't even
know you're under water.
>>D'ANTONIO: No!
The only reason you know
that you're under water
is because the rocking stopped.
The rocking stopped.
You feel a subtle
vibration in your feet.
And sometimes you feel a
little shaking in your feet
as the sub goes
through a little patch.
>>NOORY: It vibrates.
>>D'ANTONIO: Yeah, a little bit.
But-- so as I'm sitting
there, the kid's
now-- they call him a kid
because that's what he was.
He's looking at the
submarine sonar.
And I'm kind of zoning
out, deep breaths
because I'm getting
over my nausea.
>>NOORY: You have this
patch on you and all.
>>D'ANTONIO: Yeah, exactly.
And all of a sudden,
as I was starting
to hear that white
noise as you're
starting to fall
asleep kind of thing,
it felt good because
I was like, OK,
this nausea's going to go away.
All of a sudden,
I hear, con sonar!
Con sonar!
Fast mover!
And like, boink, I'm wide
awake going, oh, gosh,
I'm going to be killed out here.
Is that a torpedo?
I really got an adrenaline rush.
>>NOORY: Who knows, right?
>>D'ANTONIO: I didn't know.
I thought, fast mover--
I mean, I've heard those
characterized as torpedoes.
I'm like, am I going to die?
What's going on?
This is in the Atlantic.
And the executive
officer comes around.
And he looks at the screen.
He goes, OK, how fast
is that thing moving?
And what's the
course and bearing?
Now, the kid is facing away
from me looking up at the XO.
>>NOORY: Did you see it?
>>D'ANTONIO: Yeah,
but you know what?
I can't make heads or
tails of the sonar.
So it was just a little--
it was there, and--
It was there, and it was gone.
Well, the XO was up here
looking down at the kid.
And I could hear the XO.
And the kid was sort of muffled
because the sounds on a sub
are fairly loud, a
lot of loud noise
in the sub, high-pressure
area, shh, and other things.
But the Navy, of course,
prides itself on that sound
not getting out.
So I heard him.
I didn't hear him say
the course and bearing.
But when he was asked
the speed, he looked,
he kind of went like this.
And he's like, sir,
several hundred knots, sir.
And the XO said, mm, OK.
And he said, you're sure?
He goes, yes, sir.
Sir, yes, sir.
And he goes, OK.
Log it and dog it.
Sir, yes, sir.
And that meant log it
and then get rid of it.
It's like, whoa, wait!
So me, Mr. Seasickness
no more, because I
was totally OK right now--
believe me, adrenaline
makes you feel better fast.
I got up and went
over to the XO.
I said, XO, I'm familiar
with these fast movers.
Is there anything I can
help you with, with this?
He goes, Mr. D'Antonio, right?
I go, yes, sir.
He says, you having
a good trip so far?
Yes, sir, I am.
Let's keep it that way,
smiled and walked away.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>D'ANTONIO: And I
walked back to my seat,
and I sat down excited
beyond excitement,
but feeling about this big
because I said that, but, yeah.
And then several
years later I had
to do a job for
the Joint Chiefs.
Now, they're the big wigs.
They work for the President
of the United States.
>>NOORY: That's a big job.
>>D'ANTONIO: And I was
nervous, but I did the job.
And I was driving it
down to Washington.
And as I was driving it down
to Washington, when I finally
got there, I met with
one of the chiefs
privately, one of the
appropriate chiefs.
And I said to him--
and in my head I was
saying, don't ask.
Don't ask.
And the words were
already coming out.
What can you tell me about
the Fast Mover Program?
And I was like, oh,
I can't believe.
>>NOORY: He stopped
in his tracks.
>>D'ANTONIO: Well,
nah, you know he did?
He could have said--
you're right, George.
He could have said, I have no
idea what you're talking about,
or what's that?
He could have done that.
But he didn't.
We'd worked together
a bit on this project.
So instead he looked
at me and said,
I can't talk about
that program, Marc.
I'm sorry.
>>NOORY: That tells you volumes.
>>D'ANTONIO: Oh!
I almost crashed driving
home from Washington.
It's like, bridge, OK.
Whoop, car.
You know what I mean?
I was so focused on this.
I was fixated on the fact
that the US Navy certainly
is tracking them.
But they don't
know what they are.
>>NOORY: Well, a guy who
tells us a lot about these
is Emery Smith, who's on
Gaia's "Cosmic Disclosure."
>>D'ANTONIO: Wow.
>>EMERY SMITH: It all started
because the energy signature
down there they spotted somehow
using their technologies
with satellites.
And they sent a couple
of drones down there.
And they captured
on film these craft
coming in and out of this
area in the Marianas Trench.
I don't know exactly
where it's at.
So they decided
this is something
very important that we
need to study, of course.
So they spent billions
and trillions of dollars
to get these facilities down
there so they can monitor
what the extraterrestrials
are doing and where are they
going and tracking the craft
through the oceans as well.
And it's the same thing.
These craft are no
different than the craft
that they're using to
travel intergalactically.
So that being said,
they're creating
their own gravitational
field, even in the water,
and they can go very, very fast
and do these right-hand turns.
And you hear a lot
of these stories
of the subs and other
military coming and going out
of the water.
And so it's a-- and this has
been visualized and videotaped
by the military for many years.
>>NOORY: It's amazing.
I get so many phone
calls from ex-military
who have been on
ships above water,
and they see lights
underneath the water,
under the surface,
just cruising along.
What the heck could they be?
>>D'ANTONIO: Well,
clearly, we know
there are bioluminescent
creatures in our ocean.
But they don't just
cruise along faster
than your ship
underneath the water.
>>NOORY: Not those things.
>>D'ANTONIO: No, something else.
Now, could it be that an
object moving through the water
is causing the
bioluminescent creatures
to glow all along
the way, and they're
different creatures along the
way as they're moving around
it?
Maybe so.
But there's still
something down there.
>>NOORY: What do
you think these are,
just UFOs that just
seem to go underwater?
>>D'ANTONIO: Nah.
Well, I think it's
a deeper question.
I think it's a question of,
who may be-- and I say "may"
because we don't have proof--
who may actually be visiting us?
Are they going to
be another country?
No, not with the
technology that we're--
>>NOORY: We can
probably rule that out.
>>D'ANTONIO: I think we
can rule that out safely.
And the Russians
don't know what it is.
The Americans don't
know what it is.
>>NOORY: The Chinese
don't know what it is.
>>D'ANTONIO: The Chinese
The Australians don't know.
Other navies don't
know what it is.
They just know that
they're tracking them,
and they call them
different things.
I've heard some submariners
call them, on our boat,
we call them jellyfish.
>>NOORY: Oh, and some
have been seen underwater.
And then they burst through
the surface, and they take off.
>>D'ANTONIO: Yeah,
that's another--
yeah.
And those, I want to
see a really good video
of that that's real.
I see--
>>NOORY: I want to see that.
We may have that.
>>D'ANTONIO: Maybe so, but
we don't have it released.
>>NOORY: The Pentagon
just admitted
about the "Tic Tac" UFOs.
>>D'ANTONIO: Yes.
Remember when Commander
Fravor actually
said that he saw the Tic Tac
down there at the surface,
but then something below it
was bubbling up on the water?
>>NOORY: Uh-huh.
>>D'ANTONIO: Could
that thing bubbling
below the water been like a
USO similar to what I saw?
I say "saw," experienced
on the submarine?
Maybe it was that.
But that means that they're
ubiquitous through our oceans.
They're everywhere.
And if that's the
case, it means that we
have had visitation for a
long time, if it's all true.
I reserve the right
to say that I could
be wrong about this stuff.
>>NOORY: Are they hiding?
Is that why they're under water?
>>D'ANTONIO: Think about this.
To answer that question in a
fair manner, what if you go
and you're studying
grizzly bears?
You're going to
do it from a blind
and from a safe location,
probably far away looking down,
maybe through
drones or whatever.
You're not going to
go walking among them
because they will maul you.
They will destroy you.
So an alien civilization here
would probably necessarily
be frail in physical form
because maybe they evolved
for long distance travel.
Maybe they're very frail.
So all that stands between them
and us is their technology.
We know their technology has
failed, don't we, in the past.
We know that it's
possible that--
>>NOORY: We assume it has.
>>D'ANTONIO: We
assume, thank you.
We assume that it has.
Yeah.
So you wouldn't walk into
grizzly bears you're studying.
What you would do is watch
them from a distance.
So what I say, and
this is how I say it,
any alien life here will
go where we are not.
And where are we not?
In the deep ocean.
>>NOORY: Correct.
>>D'ANTONIO: So there you go.
>>NOORY: They probably explored
the ocean more than we have.
>>D'ANTONIO: Well,
they know there's--
they may very well have.
But to them, it's just
an ocean environment,
an ocean biome that they
already know everything
about because they've
experienced it probably
hundreds of thousands, if
not a million years ago,
in their own iteration
on their planet.
>>NOORY: Marc, let's talk for
a moment about the visitations.
If we think back to the
theory of Zecharia Sitchin,
that the Annunaki came
here from an extra planet
in our solar system.
And they genetically seeded us.
Whatever creatures were on the
planet at the time, subhumans,
that they altered us a little
bit, and we became them.
Is it conceivable that
these visitations are let's
see how they're progressing?
Let's see how these
children that we created
are conducting themselves?
>>D'ANTONIO: That's
a very good question
and one that I've actually been
fielded before when someone's
thrown this at me.
And my feeling goes to this.
All of our culture and
all of our belief systems
are founded on some
what might be myth,
what might be
observation, and what
might be something that was
experienced in ancient peoples
and pushed forward through time,
obviously changed a little bit
as time progressed because
people change things
without trying to,
embellishment or whatever.
But could that have happened?
Maybe.
Now, as far as being
seeded, the only issue
I have with the
seeding possibility
is if you look at the
interior of your body,
we have a love affair
with sodium, right?
We're salty.
And sodium is just one atom.
>>NOORY: Salt of Earth.
>>D'ANTONIO: That's right.
Sodium chloride, right?
And sodium chloride
is, of course,
something that
washes off of old--
early planetary masses into the
low-lying areas like in water.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>D'ANTONIO: And so they
would combine and form
sodium chloride in the oceans.
Well, theoretically, we
come from the ocean, George.
So that means that when
we come out of the ocean,
we have to, like turtles, carry
a vestigial ocean within us
to continue this
dependency on sodium.
And so that's what the skin is.
It contains this
little vestigial ocean
we actually carry.
Now, it's a lot lower
percentage than the ocean salt.
But it is a vestigial
ocean nonetheless.
So if we were seeded, we would
have to have been seeded way
before that event, you see?
>>NOORY: And we could have.
You can't rule that out that
we could have been seeded way
before that.
>>D'ANTONIO: I certainly
don't rule that out.
I think the more I learn about
our planet, because in my book,
I talk about how the evolution
of the Earth has occurred.
And there are many things
that have happened here
that we don't have answers for.
252 million years ago,
we had the Permian era.
And we had the Great Dying,
where 98% of all life,
roughly, was wiped
out by some event.
We don't think it was an impact.
Maybe it was this
large volcanic eruption
in what is now the
Siberian traps location.
But if it was that, then you
could see-- and of course,
science is sort of generating
how life in the ocean
could have decimated itself
over time through such an event.
And they create models.
We're great at models.
I'm good at models, physical
and computer models, right?
So I create models.
They create models.
In their models,
they show that, well,
over time, we would see the
levels of carbon dioxide rise
precipitously.
We'd see the levels of
oxygen in the ocean drop
precipitously as the
oceans heated up from this.
And we would see
this decline in life.
And they say, ah, that matches.
That must be it.
Is that what happened, though?
It's one possibility.
>>NOORY: If we take God
out of the equation,
isn't it conceivable that
everything in the universe
is the same?
It's the primordial soup,
that life that evolved here
would evolve there.
And it'll be in
the same sequence.
You're not going to
have a dog that's
as intelligent as we are.
Maybe some dogs are, by the way.
But that you're going
to have human beings
on other planets because of
the evolution of how it works.
you
>>D'ANTONIO: You know what?
That is something that I've
pondered for a long time,
if we think about that.
You look at us humans.
We're bilaterally symmetric
on the left and the right.
We're kind of even.
The way we interact
with our environment
is through symmetry.
Every life form on this
planet has symmetry.
We all have DNA,
Deoxyribonucleic Acid, ooh,
wow.
But that DNA may
spur the symmetry.
But if you think about
it, it's based on carbon.
We're carbon based.
And it's actually something
called CHONPS, Carbon,
Hydrogen, Oxygen, Nitrogen,
Phosphorus, and Sulfur,
wow, elements in
our periodic table.
But that's what basis--
that's the basis of DNA
on our planet, right?
Every life form has it.
So if every single life form,
of all the millions of varieties
and past probably billions
of varieties over time
have had this, is
it not conceivable
that that was a template
provided by the universe,
in some fashion, delivered by
comets, meteors, and asteroids,
as well as being produced
by the Earth itself?
We have seen how--
>>NOORY: It's conceivable.
>>D'ANTONIO: Yes.
And so that means if
that's a pattern here,
why wouldn't it be a pattern
there or there or there?
Why would it be that
we're the only ones based
on carbon-based life?
Carbon is delivered by all
these astronomical objects
to this planet.
We know that.
So therefore, maybe-- maybe--
it was delivered to
other planets as well.
And we-- because I
can't say for sure,
because that's science
speaking, but if it was,
we know then that carbon-based
life, which requires oxygen
to catalyze energy
and make into energy,
would probably be
an equation as well.
>>NOORY: NASA asked you to
look at some other images
so you could interpret
some of these things.
I have five of them.
Let's take a look
at the first one.
And while we're looking at
it, tell us what we're seeing.
>>D'ANTONIO: Well, this
was presented to me
by a well-known television show
to examine and try and figure
out what this was.
This is actually, after
I did some processing--
>>NOORY: Is this an
aerial, or what is this is?
>>D'ANTONIO: Yeah, this is a
satellite view looking down,
something captured by satellite.
And it looks for all the
world like a cruise missile.
And it was launched and
heading toward Utah.
And was it going to
hit Salt Lake City?
>>NOORY: My god!
>>D'ANTONIO: Yeah.
And they were
like, well, is this
like a hidden military
project that went haywire?
Did somebody go rogue?
What's going on here?
>>NOORY: Or was released
accidentally or something.
>>D'ANTONIO: Exactly so.
But when I looked at this
image, I said, no, no,
nothing the fear, because take
a look at the variety of things
you can see in this image.
Look at the contrail.
Cruise missiles have one engine.
You're seeing two contrails.
>>NOORY: That's two.
>>D'ANTONIO: You got it.
So right away that tells you
it's probably not a cruise
missile, right?
>>NOORY: And you could see two
little engines or something.
>>D'ANTONIO: Yeah,
well you see those--
like halfway down, you see
those two little white things?
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>D'ANTONIO: Then
they go further back,
and you see two more
little white things.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
It also looks like a tail.
>>D'ANTONIO: That's right.
And when you-- and at
the top of that thing,
you actually see what looks
like what could be a windshield.
>>NOORY: Mm-hmm.
>>D'ANTONIO: Yeah, I actually
was able to identify this
as a specific
aircraft because it--
>>NOORY: What kind?
>>D'ANTONIO: This was a
Bombardier ERJ, a regional jet.
>>NOORY: An earthbound jet.
>>D'ANTONIO: Absolutely,
caught from the air.
Again, I say this
often, the ordinary
captured in an
extraordinary manner.
>>NOORY: What's it
doing out there?
>>D'ANTONIO: It was
flying to Salt Lake.
>>NOORY: Simple as that.
>>D'ANTONIO: Simple as that.
>>NOORY: Let's look at our
next image, see what that is.
>>D'ANTONIO: This image, this is
interesting because I got this
image-- now, again,
being an astronomer,
I'm well aware that your photos
you take of the night sky can
be ruined not by lack of focus--
that can always happen-- or
motion on the telescope--
whoops, that can happen--
but by the atmosphere itself.
And in this photo, I was
presented with this image
and said, whatever is this?
Because this is on the dark side
of the planet taken at night.
It's a time exposure.
You can tell it was a
time exposure because
of the blurriness.
That's the International Space
Station that you see there
in the images.
This was taken--
>>NOORY: That long object?
>>D'ANTONIO: Yep.
That was a truss from the
International Space Station.
And that glow that
we're looking at--
>>NOORY: Yeah, the
halo, what is it?
>>D'ANTONIO: Right.
What is that, right?
Well, when they asked
me that, I said, well,
because it's a
night-side shot, you
have to understand how
the atmosphere works
during the daytime.
During the daytime, the atoms
of the atmosphere absorb energy.
And at night, they
tend to give it off.
And when they give
off this energy,
they give it off in
the form of light.
And different atoms give it
off in a different wavelength
or color.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>D'ANTONIO: Yeah, so
the top there, we're
looking at atomic
oxygen. The green
is going to be oxygen and
nitrogen. And below that,
the yellow is sodium
atoms in our atmosphere.
This is something
called air glow.
And it's the bane of
professional observatories
all over the world because
you can take photos and see
the air glow from places like--
>>NOORY: Now, did you
tell NASA what this was?
>>D'ANTONIO: Oh, they-- yeah.
>>NOORY: Or they already knew.
>>D'ANTONIO: They
already know, NASA, yeah.
But the television
show didn't know.
And I told them what it was.
And I said, yeah,
this is air glow.
>>NOORY: Let's look
at our next object.
>>D'ANTONIO: Oh, yeah,
this is a great one.
This was someone
looking at Google Earth.
And they reported that a
plane went down in this lake.
Now, if a plane went down,
especially a jetliner
like that, the first
thing you would think
is, it's not going
to remain intact.
They could do a
Sully Sullenberger.
>>NOORY: And we'd know about it.
>>D'ANTONIO: Yeah,
we would know about
because every single
house around that lake
would have reported
it and called it in.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
>>D'ANTONIO: So my
job was to figure out
how could this have happened?
Well, clearly, when you look
at how Google Earth images are
made, this presents to
everyone a beautiful world
view of your planet
that you can go
look anytime of the
day or night and see
all this different imagery.
But you're seeing successive
passes of satellites.
And sometimes one pass,
for instance, in this case,
had an airplane, a true
airplane you could physically
see flying over that lake.
The next satellite pass didn't
have that airplane in it
and just got water.
And then later,
behind the scenes,
the images are
stitched together.
So you get this.
You've got one image
here, one image here.
They are stitched
together and blended.
And when they do that blending,
you get blended imagery.
So the actual plane blended
with the actual lake produces--
>>NOORY: Made it look
like it was underwater.
>>D'ANTONIO: Yeah, it makes
this ghost image, exactly.
And this happens a lot.
>>NOORY: Let's look at--
I think we have one
more image here.
>>D'ANTONIO: Oh, yeah.
Now, this one, right here--
>>NOORY: We're looking
at a boat yard.
What's going on?
>>D'ANTONIO: We are.
We are.
But you see that yellow
thing in the middle there.
Why is that yellow thing?
>>NOORY: It's a duck.
>>D'ANTONIO: Looks like a
big giant rubber duck, huh?
>>NOORY: That's right,
>>D'ANTONIO: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Rubber Ducky.
>>D'ANTONIO: Yeah, you think
it's a big giant rubber ducky.
And this was presented
to me as a hoax.
Said, look at this hoax.
And I said, wait,
don't be so sure.
And I started to go
through other imagery.
And I don't know.
Is this the last image?
Because there's one more
image that actually shows--
>>NOORY: There may be one more.
Oh, let's go to the
next-- last one.
>>D'ANTONIO: A sea-level
view of this thing,
if there is one more.
>>NOORY: Do we have one more?
>>D'ANTONIO: And there it is.
>>NOORY: There it is.
>>D'ANTONIO: It's
an actual rubber
duck the size of
a freaking house.
>>NOORY: That's what
we were looking at.
>>D'ANTONIO: Yeah, we were.
>>NOORY: Well, we called
that right, didn't we?
>>D'ANTONIO: I did.
And I said, nah, actually,
that's a real rubber duck.
And they were like, are
you out of your mind?
I said, no, that's a real rubber
duck, as far as I can tell you.
And sure enough, you look,
and look what they found.
Yeah.
So sometimes, you see,
analysis-- sometimes
analysis takes you down
a path you don't expect.
>>NOORY: It's not everything
you believe to see.
>>D'ANTONIO: That's correct.
And you can't believe
everything you see.
And on the other hand,
sometimes what you see
is unbelievable but is real.
And that's one of
those examples.
>>NOORY: Marc, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>D'ANTONIO: George,
I had a great time.
Thank you so much.
>>NOORY: You're a
great astronomer.
And you bring us fascinating
things to discuss.
>>D'ANTONIO: I appreciate
the time, yeah.
Thank you so much.
>>NOORY: How can people get
a hold of you or track you?
>>D'ANTONIO: They can
find me on Amazon.
They can look at "The
Populated Universe" book
and see if they
want to buy a book
about extraterrestrial
life and the fact
that life in the universe may
be the rule, not the exception.
That was the premise of
the book based on science.
They can find me at
my website, which is--
F-X-M-O-D-E-L-S-- fxmodels.com.
I'm the Mutual UFO Network's
chief photo and video analyst.
You can find me through MUFON.
And you can also find me
Sunday nights 8:00 to 10:00
PM on "Sky Tour Radio"
on kgraradio.com
and "Sky Tour" livestream,
our live deep sky
observatory that
we present people
with a beautiful sky,
beautiful deep sky, every night
using these advanced telescopes.
>>NOORY: Marc, thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>D'ANTONIO: Thank you so
much for having me, George.
It was a great time.
>>NOORY: So many strange
things in this universe.
But it's great to talk
to somebody who can make
some sense out of some of it.
I'm George Noory.
And thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."